# Multimodal-Fusion-Fake-News-Detection

Codes for my bachelor thesis: Multi-Modal Fusion for Fake News Detection.

With the rapid development of social media platforms, fake news constantly emerges and is widely spread, which has greatly affected people's lives and negatively affected the social economy and political system. Therefore, how to quickly cut off the spread of fake news at the source has become a hot topic in recent years. Because the information contained in images is usually higher than the text and absorbed by the masses faster, the news content combining images and texts is gradually becoming the main form of news in the new era. In recent two years, the study of multi-modal fake news detection was put forward, this paper proposes an end-to-end fake news detection network based on deep learning, combining three different modalities (visual, textual, attribute) together to detect the fake news, and used two different large pre-trained networks BERT and XLNet respectively to build several different models. Besides, the attention mechanism is also deployed to improve model performance. The model was tested on two different datasets Weibo and Biendata and achieved quite good performance. In terms of the Weibo dataset, it surpassed att-RNN, EANN and MVAE, which were previously proposed, and achieved the accuracy of 89.3%, and achieved the accuracy of 98.3% offline in the new Biendata dataset. This paper also makes a deep analysis of the misclassified samples and puts forward some feasible plans for the future.
